README.md, before:

# 🐉 D&D Character Repository

A centralized portfolio of Dungeons & Dragons 5th Edition characters, tracking their stats, build plans, and campaign journals.

| Portrait | Character Profile |
| :---: | :--- |
| <img src="bwaynebruce/Bwayne.png" width="200" alt="Bwayne Portrait"> | **[Bwayne](bwaynebruce/)**<br>_Paladin (Oath of Vengeance) 9_<br>A former mob enforcer turned divine executioner. Bwayne serves Hoar, the Doombringer, delivering poetic justice with a halberd and a grim silence. |
| <img src="hrimgarfrostborn/Hrimgar_Portrait.png" width="200" alt="Hrimgar Portrait"> | **[Hrimgar Frostborn](hrimgarfrostborn/)**<br>_Ranger 2 / Druid (Circle of the Sea) 7_<br>A Goliath of Frost Giant ancestry. Hrimgar embodies the wrath of the winter storm, transforming into a massive elemental force of ice and water on the battlefield. |
| <img src="klausvonstauffer/Klaus_von_Stauffer_portrait.png" width="200" alt="Klaus Portrait"> | **[Klaus von Stauffer](klausvonstauffer/)**<br>_Fighter 2 / Wizard (Order of Scribes) 7_<br>The "Iron Quill." A heavily armored tactical wizard who treats magic like military artillery. Guided by a sentient, demanding spellbook known as "The Codex." |
| <img src="kramgor/kramgor_portrait.png" width="200" alt="Kram Gor Portrait"> | **[Kram Gor](kramgor/)**<br>_Paladin (Oath of Conquest) 6_<br>A Goliath resurrected by Auril, the Frostmaiden. Once a warm-hearted barbarian, he is now a silent conqueror wielding fear and cold as his weapons in the frozen north. |
| <img src="silasgraves/Silas_Graves-Square.png" width="200" alt="Silas Portrait"> | **[Silas Graves](silasgraves/)**<br>_Wizard (Necromancer) 7_<br>A benevolent Rock Gnome Necromancer. Silas views his undead companions not as tools, but as souls given a second chance to fulfill a purpose. Currently traversing the mists of Barovia. |
| <img src="vesper/vesper_portrait.png" width="200" alt="Vesper Portrait"> | **[Vesper](vesper/)**<br>_Druid (Circle of Stars) 9_<br>A small Scourge Aasimar channeling the terrifying, burning power of the cosmos. Vesper is a vessel for star-stuff, balancing fragile mortality with infinite power. |

---

## 📚 Repository Guidelines

*   **System:** D&D 5e (2024 Revision).
*   **Updates:** Each character folder contains their specific `character-sheet.md` which serves as the source of truth for stats and items.
*   **Sync:** All changes are automatically synced to the remote repository.

Commit message:

Onboard Chance McGinty: Roadside Brawler Monk

README.md, after:

# 🐉 D&D Character Repository

A centralized portfolio of Dungeons & Dragons 5th Edition characters, tracking their stats, build plans, and campaign journals.

| Portrait | Character Profile |
| :---: | :--- |
| <img src="bwaynebruce/Bwayne.png" width="200" alt="Bwayne Portrait"> | **[Bwayne](bwaynebruce/)**<br>_Paladin (Oath of Vengeance) 9_<br>A former mob enforcer turned divine executioner. Bwayne serves Hoar, the Doombringer, delivering poetic justice with a halberd and a grim silence. |
| <img src="hrimgarfrostborn/Hrimgar_Portrait.png" width="200" alt="Hrimgar Portrait"> | **[Hrimgar Frostborn](hrimgarfrostborn/)**<br>_Ranger 2 / Druid (Circle of the Sea) 7_<br>A Goliath of Frost Giant ancestry. Hrimgar embodies the wrath of the winter storm, transforming into a massive elemental force of ice and water on the battlefield. |
| <img src="klausvonstauffer/Klaus_von_Stauffer_portrait.png" width="200" alt="Klaus Portrait"> | **[Klaus von Stauffer](klausvonstauffer/)**<br>_Fighter 2 / Wizard (Order of Scribes) 7_<br>The "Iron Quill." A heavily armored tactical wizard who treats magic like military artillery. Guided by a sentient, demanding spellbook known as "The Codex." |
| <img src="kramgor/kramgor_portrait.png" width="200" alt="Kram Gor Portrait"> | **[Kram Gor](kramgor/)**<br>_Paladin (Oath of Conquest) 6_<br>A Goliath resurrected by Auril, the Frostmaiden. Once a warm-hearted barbarian, he is now a silent conqueror wielding fear and cold as his weapons in the frozen north. |
| <img src="silasgraves/Silas_Graves-Square.png" width="200" alt="Silas Portrait"> | **[Silas Graves](silasgraves/)**<br>_Wizard (Necromancer) 7_<br>A benevolent Rock Gnome Necromancer. Silas views his undead companions not as tools, but as souls given a second chance to fulfill a purpose. Currently traversing the mists of Barovia. |
| <img src="vesper/vesper_portrait.png" width="200" alt="Vesper Portrait"> | **[Vesper](vesper/)**<br>_Druid (Circle of Stars) 9_<br>A small Scourge Aasimar channeling the terrifying, burning power of the cosmos. Vesper is a vessel for star-stuff, balancing fragile mortality with infinite power. |
| <div style="width:200px; height:200px; display:flex; align-items:center; justify-content:center; background:#333; color:#ccc;">No Portrait</div> | **[Chance McGinty](chancemcginty/)**<br>_Monk (Warrior of the Open Hand) 3_<br>A jovial Halfling traveler who sits by the road with a sign that says "Test Your Luck." He fights for the joy of the sport and the thrill of the gamble. |

---

## 📚 Repository Guidelines

*   **System:** D&D 5e (2024 Revision).
*   **Updates:** Each character folder contains their specific `character-sheet.md` which serves as the source of truth for stats and items.
*   **Sync:** All changes are automatically synced to the remote repository.
